feat: atlas push pull scripts: FC-55 (#317)
openedx/openedx-app-android: README.md

6. Click the **Run** button.

## Translations

### Getting Translations for the App
Translations aren't included in the source code of this repository as of [OEP-58](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/concepts/oep58.html). Therefore, they need to be pulled before testing or publishing to App Store.

> Before getting the translations for the app we need to install the requirements put inside the `requirements.txt` in the `i18n_scripts`. This can be done easily by running the following make command:

Author: ```suggestion
Before retrieving the translations for the app, we need to install the requirements listed in the requirements.txt file located in the i18n_scripts directory. This can be done easily by running the following make command:
```

You can use custom translations on your fork of the openedx-translations repository by setting the following configuration parameters:

- `--revision` (default: `"main"`): Branch or git tag to pull translations from.
- `--repository` (default: `"openedx/openedx-translations"`): GitHub repository slug. There's a feature request to [support GitLab and other providers](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas/issues/20).

Arguments can be passed via the `ATLAS_OPTIONS` environment variable as shown below:
``` bash
make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=<your-github-org>/<repository-name> --revision=<branch-name>' pull_translations
```
Additional arguments can be passed to `atlas pull`. Refer to the [atlas documentations ](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) for more information.

### Testing Translations

Until the [pull request #317](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-app-android/pull/317) is merged, translations needs to be pulled from the testing branch `Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations` repo under `fc_55_sample` branch with the following options:
``` bash
make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --revision=fc_55_sample' pull_translations

> ```

Reviewer: How about removing this section from the README?
It seems that the PR description is sufficient for testing
